[Workers Assets] fix and clarify `not_found_handling` documentation (#17252)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workers/static-assets/binding.mdx

Your dynamic code can make new, or forward incoming, requests to your project's static assets using the assets binding.

> Take the following example that configures a Worker to return a response under all requests headed for `/api/`. It then uses the asset binding to invoke behaviour set by [`not_found_handling`](/workers/static-assets/routing/#routing-configuration) to catch requests that do not match.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Take the following example that configures a Worker script to return a response under all requests headed for `/api/`. Otherwise, the Worker script will fall back to serving assets. In this case, the incoming request is known to have already not matched against any static asset, so [`not_found_handling`](/workers/static-assets/routing/#routing-configuration) behavior will be evaluated.
```

Author: tweaked a bit to make it super duper explicit about what's happening

			// TODO: Add your custom /api/* logic here.
			return new Response("Ok");
		}

> 		// The asset binding invokes the behavior set by `not_found_handling`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		// Because the incoming request is being passed through to the assets binding, and because no asset matched this request, this will evaluate `not_found_handling` behavior.
```

Author: just changed to "This will evaluate `not_found_handling` behavior", would prefer to keep the script comments shorter.
